docs: Clarify T1 audience and add consent guidance to OBO flow (#2036)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/agent-id/agent-on-behalf-of-oauth-flow.md

Agents have the capabilities of Microsoft Entra ID resource (API) applications and support the API attributes required for the (OAuth2Permissions, AppURI). Agent identity blueprints can't initiate interactive authorization (`/authorize`) flows directly. They must receive a user token from a client application and then perform an OBO token exchange. A web redirect URI can be configured on a blueprint for consent flows only (`response_type=none`), but it has limited functionality compared to a redirect URI on an app registration.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Because agent identities can't initiate interactive `/authorize` flows, users can't grant them consent interactively (attempting this returns the error `AADSTS82014`). Instead, you must preauthorize the required delegated permissions by configuring inheritable permissions on the parent agent identity blueprint. Ensure an administrator has actually granted consent for these permissions on the blueprint. The child agent identities will then inherit these scopes without triggering an interactive consent prompt. For step-by-step guidance, see [Configure inheritable permissions for agent identity blueprints](./configure-inheritable-permissions-blueprints.md).

Author: ```suggestion
> Like their parent blueprints, child agent identities can't initiate interactive `/authorize` flows. Consequently, users can't grant them consent interactively (attempting this on the child identity returns the error `AADSTS82014`). Instead, you must preauthorize the required delegated permissions by configuring inheritable permissions on the parent agent identity blueprint. Ensure an administrator has actually granted consent for these permissions on the blueprint. The child agent identities will then inherit these scopes without triggering an interactive consent prompt. For step-by-step guidance, see [Configure inheritable permissions for agent identity blueprints](./configure-inheritable-permissions-blueprints.md).
```
